Update READMEs (#494)
CEED/libCEED: python/README.md

To install libCEED for Python, run

    pip install libceed

or in a clone of the repository via `pip install .`

## Examples and Tutorials

For examples and short tutorials see the folder `examples/tutorials`. It
contains some [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebooks using Python and C.
Jupyter can be installed locally so that users can edit and interact with these
notebook.

> `tutorial0`-`tutorial5` illustrate libCEED for Python, each one focusing on one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tutorial-0`-`tutorial-5` illustrate libCEED for Python, each one focusing on one
```

class of objects.

> `tutorial6` shows a standalone libCEED C example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tutorial-6` shows a standalone libCEED C example.
```
